how's it going guys it's that exam /
again from vapors forum coming to you
with another device review today this
device reviews from free 6.com now this
is going to be the variable voltage ego
PT it is variable voltage from three to
six volts and we'll get into that in
just a minute let me give you a quick
look this is your pass through option
and it also comes with a cord here is
the cord the one thing that I thought
was a little bit strange is the cord
that came with mine not quite like any
USB cord that I've seen before but it
does work it snaps in and you can
actually hear it snap in when you plug
it in I have a Stardust clearomizer on
it right now and I'm said at four volts
you can adjust the voltage there's a
plus and a minus button you can adjust
the voltage by pressing that up and down
if you press both of the buttons
together that will lock your voltage
let's give it a pup at about 4 volts
I love it it's it's a variable voltage
it's what more could you ask for and
it's a pass-through if it dies you plug
it in and you can still use it while
it's charging now let's see how close we
are here it does have a puff counter you
guys read that I don't know if you read
it or not oh the pump counter you can't
see it on my camera I'm sorry my puff
counter is up to 16 every time you plug
it in and charge it it resets the puff
counter for you I don't know how many
people will use that but let's do a
little test here now I've got it set at
will set it at 3.7 I've got it set to
3.7 you're just gonna have to take my
word for it and 3.73 so pretty close
let's go up to 4.2 4.25 let's go up to 5
volts 5.2 let's take her all the way up
to 6 volts
6.2 volts all right let's back her down
to about 3.7 3.8 this 3.85 and let's see
what she fires that under load under
load fires at 3.55 so at 3.78 fires at
3.4 3.8 it fires at 3.55 under load
I've been using this for about two weeks
and I like it it it performs pretty darn
well it does have a 650 mah internal
battery and it'll last a good four or
five hours with without charging but the
good thing about that is is you know you
plug it in you can use it well at
charges that's the best thing about it
and when when I was using it I was using
it at about 4.2 4.5 volts and of course
the higher you set your voltage the
shorter the battery life is going to be
when you're not tethered to a power
supply
so all in all the variable voltage ego
passthrough from free cigs com I give a
thumbs up very well working device
perfect for the person that's going to
be working at a computer or near a power
station it's just going to get up and
run some errands and then be back and
sit down you know if you're going to be
out all day make sure you take your
charger with you and you know it's
perfect I enjoy it I love my pass
throughs I think they're great and when
the twist came out I said you know what
the only thing that would make this
thing better is if it were a pass
through here we go we've got a variable
voltage pass through the twist is an
analog pass through that is from three
point two to four point eight in point2
increments and you have to turn the dial
and the numbers are kind of hard to see
this is completely digital and it's 0
point one increments you can set it 4.1
4.2 4.3 whatever you want whatever your
sweet spot is you can dial it in and
enjoy your vape
I am vadik baber from vapors forum this
is the VV ego PT from free cigs dot-com
check them out guys great vendor as
always keep on vaping
you